@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.3 2019/07/06 21:16:59 leot Exp $
bin/chicken
bin/chicken-do
bin/chicken-install
bin/chicken-profile
bin/chicken-status
bin/chicken-uninstall
bin/csc
bin/csi
bin/feathers
include/chicken/chicken-config.h
include/chicken/chicken.h
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.base.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.bitwise.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.blob.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.compiler.user-pass.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.condition.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.continuation.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.csi.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.errno.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.eval.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.file.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.file.posix.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.fixnum.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.flonum.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.foreign.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.format.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.gc.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.internal.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.io.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.irregex.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.keyword.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.load.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.locative.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.memory.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.memory.representation.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.pathname.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.platform.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.plist.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.port.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.pretty-print.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.process-context.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.process-context.posix.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.process.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.process.signal.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.random.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.read-syntax.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.repl.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.sort.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.string.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.syntax.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.tcp.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.time.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/chicken.time.posix.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/srfi-4.import.so
lib/chicken/${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}/types.db
lib/libchicken.a
lib/libchicken.so
lib/libchicken.so.${CHICKEN_BINARY_VERSION}
man/man1/chicken-do.1
man/man1/chicken-install.1
man/man1/chicken-profile.1
man/man1/chicken-status.1
man/man1/chicken-uninstall.1
man/man1/chicken.1
man/man1/csc.1
man/man1/csi.1
man/man1/feathers.1
share/chicken/feathers.tcl
share/chicken/setup.defaults
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/DEPRECATED
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/LICENSE
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/README
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Accessing external objects.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Acknowledgements.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Bibliography.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Bugs and limitations.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/C interface.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Cross development.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Data representation.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Debugging.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Declarations.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Deployment.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Deviations from the standard.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Egg specification format.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Embedding.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Extension tools.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Extensions to the standard.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Extensions.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Foreign type specifiers.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Getting started.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Included modules.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Interface to external functions and variables.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken base).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken bitwise).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken blob).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken condition).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken continuation).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken csi).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken errno).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken eval).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken file posix).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken file).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken fixnum).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken flonum).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken foreign).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken format).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken gc).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken io).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken irregex).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken keyword).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken load).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken locative).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken memory representation).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken memory).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken module).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken pathname).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken platform).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken plist).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken port).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken pretty-print).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken process signal).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken process).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken process-context posix).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken process-context).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken random).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken read-syntax).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken repl).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken sort).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken string).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken syntax).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken tcp).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken time posix).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken time).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module (chicken type).html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module r4rs.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module r5rs.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module scheme.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Module srfi-4.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Modules.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/The User's Manual.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Types.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Units and linking model.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Using the compiler.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Using the interpreter.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/manual.css
