@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.1 2019/09/21 12:34:24 nia Exp $
bin/dunelegacy
share/applications/dunelegacy.desktop
share/dunelegacy/Dune2-Versions.txt
share/dunelegacy/GFXHD.PAK
share/dunelegacy/LEGACY.PAK
share/dunelegacy/OPENSD2.PAK
share/dunelegacy/locale/English.en.po
share/dunelegacy/locale/French.fr.po
share/dunelegacy/locale/German.de.po
share/dunelegacy/locale/Spanish.es.po
share/dunelegacy/locale/dunelegacy.pot
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/2P - 32x128 - Gatekeeper.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/2P - 32x32 - X-Factor.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/2P - 64x32 - Cliffs Of Rene.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/2P - 64x64 - Bottle Neck.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/2P - 64x64 - Broken Mountains.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/2P - 64x64 - David's Pass.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/2P - 64x64 - Face Off.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/2P - 64x64 - Great Divide.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/2P - 64x64 - Sanctuarys.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x128 - Deserted.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x128 - Equilibrium.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x128 - Four Cities.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x128 - Hungry Hippos.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x128 - Silicon Valley XL.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x128 - Snake Pass.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x128 - Spicestorm.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x128 - The Sardaukar Outpost.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x128 - Worm Investation.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x128 - Wormhole.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 128x64 - Gamma Sector.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 64x64 - Channels.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 64x64 - Clear Path.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 64x64 - Combed.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 64x64 - Four Chambers.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 64x64 - Four Courners.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 64x64 - Sietch Stefan.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 64x64 - Silicon Valley.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 64x64 - Stronghold.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/4P - 64x64 - Vast Armies Have Arrived.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/5P - 128x128 - Fortress.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/5P - 128x128 - Gridlocked.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/5P - 128x128 - Hellvetika.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/5P - 128x128 - Kragetam.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/5P - 128x128 - Meadow.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/5P - 128x64 - Watch Your Track.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/6P - 128x128 - Gargantuan Mountains.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/6P - 64x128 - Rocking Fields.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/multiplayer/6P - 64x64 - Fertile Basin.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/singleplayer/2P - 32x128 - Canyon.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/singleplayer/2P - 64x64 - Duality.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/singleplayer/2P - 64x64 - North vs. South.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/singleplayer/2P - 64x64 - Twin Fists.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/singleplayer/3P - 64x32 - Middle Man.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/singleplayer/4P - 64x64 - 3 vs 1.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/singleplayer/5P - 128x128 - All against Atreides.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/singleplayer/5P - 128x128 - Sardaukar Base Easy.ini
share/dunelegacy/maps/singleplayer/5P - 128x128 - Sardaukar Base.ini
share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/dunelegacy.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/dunelegacy.png
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/dunelegacy.svg
