$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2021Q3,v 1.1.2.22 2021/10/17 16:41:44 tm Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2021Q3 branch:

Pullup ticket #6502 - requested by wiz
graphics/libexif: security fix

Pullup ticket #6501 - requested by bsiegert
net/tigervnc: Bugfix for X11R7 fonts

Pullup ticket #6500 - requested by bsiegert
print/ghostscript-agpl: Bugfix, undefined reference error during link

Pullup ticket #6503 - requested by taca
databases/redis: security fix

Pullup ticket #6504 - requested by taca
www/apache24: security fix

Pullup ticket #6505 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6507 - requested by tm
net/rsync: security fix

Pullup ticket #6506 - requested by taca
apache24: security fix

Pullup ticket #6510 - requested by nia
x11/mate-applets: bugfix for non-x86

Pullup ticket #6508 - requested by nia
www/firefox78: security fix
www/firefox78-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6509 - requested by nia
www/firefox91: security fix
www/firefox91-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6511 - requested by tm
databases/hiredis: security fix

Pullup ticket #6512 - requested by mlelstv
print/ghostscript-agpl: pullup and build fix

Pullup ticket #6513 - requested by gutteridge
lang/python27: security fix

Pullup ticket #6514 - requested by wiz
mail/neomutt: security fix

Pullup ticket #6515 - requested by wiz
databases/p5-DBI: security fix

Pullup ticket #6516 - requested by wiz
multimedia/libmediainfo: security fix
multimedia/mediainfo: security fix

Pullup ticket #6517 - requested by wiz
devel/ncurses: security fix

Pullup ticket #6518 - requested by wiz
devel/apache-maven: security fix

Pullup ticket #6519 - requested by nia
graphics/pfstools: build fix

Pullup ticket #6520 - requested by wiz
databases/sqlite3: segfault fix

Pullup ticket #6522 - requested by nia
mail/balsa: security fix

Pullup ticket #6521 - requested by nia
mail/alpine: security fix

